Greetings, my friend!

  First of all I want to thank you for joining our team. If I have chosen you for this project I know you are capable for greatness.
This team needs you whether it is for the programming knowledge or for the art or for creativity, you will be important for the 
development of this project. 

  Now what is the project about you may wonder. The project is a video game sidescroller made with the programming language Python.
That is all I can tell you because the project has not been defined as an RPG yet (but I am hoping it leads to that). If you do not 
know how to program do not be discouraged, you can contribute without knowing how to code ie creating designs for the weapons in 
the game or providing ideas for gameplay mechanics. 

  Now for you to improve the project you will need a few things:
1. A Discord account
  Discord will be used to communicate to your fellow members. To create an account go to: https://discordapp.com/ 
  Once you have creating an account please notify me on a different platform to give you access to the discussion group.
2. Python IDLE
  This is the programming language that will run the project. To download go to: https://www.python.org/downloads/
  Download the latest version (3.7.4 at this time) and install.
3. GitHub account
  GitHub is the name of this website. You will need an account to update or add files in the repository. Once you've created an 
  account notify me with your email so I can add you as a contributor.
  
If you have an questions or issues regarding the requirements notify me via text, Facebook, etc. I will help you as soon as I can.

  Now if you have completed all the requirements, click out of this and download the Harbinger_1_2.py file on the GitHub. This is
  latest version of the project. After downloading the file, double click on the program to run it. This little guy was once a 
  picture on the screen. Now he can move around and use an attack. Imagine what else is possible for this little guy.
  
                                                                                                              Yours truly,
                                                                                                              Lawrence
